---
sidebar_position: 4
description: "Subscribe to events on Crux with webhooks."
className: api-docs-wide
toc_max_heading_level: 4
---

# Webhooks

Crux can emit webhooks for certain events. This allows you to develop integrations with Crux that are notified when certain events occur.

## Webhook Types

We have two types of webhook types, `user` and `gym` webhooks.

User webhooks pertain to your own user and are triggered when you do different things on Crux. You can only register user webhooks for yourself.

Gym webhooks pertain to a specific gym and can be triggered by anyone at the gym. You can only register gym webhooks if you are a gym admin.

## Registering a webhook

To register a user webhook, head to the user settings and tap `User webhooks`. To register a gym webhook, head to the gym settings and tap `Gym webhooks`.

Webhooks must be registered with a publically accessible http or https endpoint.

## Webhook Delivery

Webhook events are delivered via POST request to the URL you provided. The body of the request will be a JSON object containing the event data.

You must return a HTTP 200 response to acknowledge receipt of the webhook. If you do not respond, the delivery will be retried up to 3 times before failing.

All webhook deliveries have a timeout of 5 seconds.

## Delivery Introspection

We do not currently have a UI to view details about webhook deliveries. You can view details about recent delivery attempts via the [webhook_registrations](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md) APIs however.

## Available Webhook Events

<!-- BEGIN AUTOGENERATED WEBHOOKS -->

## Gym Events

#### `climb.created`
>
>This event is triggered when any climb is created at the gym.
>
>Returns a [WebhookDelivery](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#webhookdelivery) object with a `payload` field of type [Climb (full)](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#climb-full).
>
#### `climb.sent`
>
>This event is triggered when any climb at the gym is sent by any climber.
>
>Returns a [WebhookDelivery](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#webhookdelivery) object with a `payload` field of type [Send (full)](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#send-full).
>
#### `gym_wall.created`
>
>This event is triggered when a gym wall is created at the gym.
>
>Returns a [WebhookDelivery](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#webhookdelivery) object with a `payload` field of type [GymWall](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#gymwall).
>
## User Events

#### `climb.created`
>
>This event is triggered when a climb is set by the user.
>
>Returns a [WebhookDelivery](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#webhookdelivery) object with a `payload` field of type [Climb (full)](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#climb-full).
>
#### `climb.sent`
>
>This event is triggered when a climb is sent by the user.
>
>Returns a [WebhookDelivery](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#webhookdelivery) object with a `payload` field of type [Send (full)](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#send-full).
>
#### `climb.viewed`
>
>This event is triggered when a climb is viewed by the user in the Crux app. Specifically, the event is triggered when the user taps on a climb in the climb directory or a climb list to view it.
>
>Returns a [WebhookDelivery](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#webhookdelivery) object with a `payload` field of type [Climb (full)](/docs/api-documentation/api-reference.md#climb-full).
>
<!-- END AUTOGENERATED WEBHOOKS -->



